docs/imap-fetching.md, before:

# IMAP Email Fetching Module

## Overview
This module handles connecting to an IMAP server, searching and fetching emails according to user configuration, excluding already processed emails, and parsing their content for downstream AI processing.

*Return to main doc: [README.md](../README.md) for project summary, guidance, and orientation.*

## Components
- **connect_imap**: Securely connects with credentials (from .env/config) using SSL; robust error and logging.
- **load_imap_queries**: Loads list or single-string IMAP search queries from config.yaml.
- **search_emails_excluding_processed**: Executes queries and ensures AIProcessed-tagged messages are excluded.
- **fetch_and_parse_emails**: Extracts subject, sender, date, and plain text body even from multipart; safe header decoding.
- **fetch_emails (orchestrator)**: End-to-end workflow; handles retries, context management, connection/disconnection, and robust logging.

## Error Handling
- Custom exceptions (IMAPConnectionError, IMAPFetchError) for fine-grained error handling.
- Retries and backoff ensure resilience to transient failures; logs every step or failure.

## Test Strategy
- Mocked imaplib and email objects for fast, reliable, non-networked testing.
- Test configuration covers every function and most branches, including TDD for error and retry logic.

## Usage Example
```python
from src.imap_connection import fetch_emails
emails = fetch_emails(host, user, pw, ['UNSEEN', 'FROM "boss@example.com"'])
for em in emails:
    print(em['subject'], em['body'])
```

## Email Client Compatibility

### IMAP FLAGS vs KEYWORDS Extension

This implementation uses **IMAP FLAGS** (not the KEYWORDS extension) for tagging emails. FLAGS are supported by all IMAP servers, making this approach universally compatible.

**Flag Naming:**
- Custom flags must NOT use brackets: use `AIProcessed` not `[AI-Processed]`
- Flags are case-sensitive
- Server may reject flags with special characters

### Thunderbird Compatibility Note

**Known Limitation:** Thunderbird's "Schlagworte" (Keywords) view may not display custom IMAP flags, even though they are:
- ✅ Stored correctly on the server
- ✅ Visible in webmail clients
- ✅ Searchable via IMAP (`KEYWORD "AIProcessed"`)
- ✅ Functional for excluding processed emails

**Why:** Thunderbird's Keywords view primarily shows:
- System flags (`\Seen`, `\Flagged`, etc.)
- KEYWORDS extension tags (requires server support)

Since most servers (including netcup-mail) don't support the KEYWORDS extension, custom FLAGS may not appear in Thunderbird's Keywords view, but they are fully functional.

**Workarounds:**
- Check message Properties → Flags tab
- Use IMAP search: Edit → Find → Search Messages → `KEYWORD "AIProcessed"`
- Flags work correctly for processing logic regardless of Thunderbird display

**Verified Working:**
- ✅ netcup-mail webmail: Shows flags as "Markierung"
- ✅ IMAP search: Finds tagged emails correctly
- ✅ Email processing: Excludes processed emails correctly

---
This file updated after every major change to IMAP code or tests.

Commit message:

docs: Update documentation for UID operations and email sorting (Task 9.6)
- Added UID vs sequence number documentation in imap-fetching.md
- Documented email sorting behavior (newest first) in imap-fetching.md and live-test-guide.md
- Added troubleshooting sections for UID mismatches and sorting issues
- Updated IMAP query examples with SINCE vs SENTSINCE distinction
- Marked Task 9.6 as complete

docs/imap-fetching.md, after:

# IMAP Email Fetching Module

## Overview
This module handles connecting to an IMAP server, searching and fetching emails according to user configuration, excluding already processed emails, and parsing their content for downstream AI processing.

*Return to main doc: [README.md](../README.md) for project summary, guidance, and orientation.*

## Components
- **connect_imap**: Securely connects with credentials (from .env/config) using SSL; robust error and logging.
- **load_imap_queries**: Loads list or single-string IMAP search queries from config.yaml.
- **search_emails_excluding_processed**: Executes queries using `UID SEARCH` (not `SEARCH`) to ensure consistent UID-based operations; ensures AIProcessed-tagged messages are excluded.
- **fetch_and_parse_emails**: Extracts subject, sender, date, and plain text body even from multipart; safe header decoding. Uses `UID FETCH` (not `FETCH`) to maintain UID consistency.
- **fetch_emails (orchestrator)**: End-to-end workflow; handles retries, context management, connection/disconnection, and robust logging.

## Critical Implementation Details

### UID vs Sequence Numbers
**Always use UID-based operations** to ensure consistency:
- `imap.uid('SEARCH', ...)` - Returns UIDs (stable identifiers)
- `imap.uid('FETCH', ...)` - Fetches by UID
- `imap.uid('STORE', ...)` - Tags by UID

**Never use:**
- `imap.search()` - Returns sequence numbers (can change)
- `imap.fetch()` - Operates on sequence numbers
- `imap.store()` - Operates on sequence numbers

This ensures that emails are fetched and tagged using the same identifier (UID), preventing mismatches where tags are applied to the wrong emails.

### Email Processing Order
**Emails are sorted by date (newest first)** before processing:
- When using `--limit N`, the **newest N emails** are processed, not the oldest
- This ensures that recent emails are prioritized
- Emails without dates are placed at the end of the list

**Sorting behavior:**
- Emails are sorted by their `Date` header (parsed to datetime)
- Timezone-aware datetimes are normalized (naive dates assumed UTC)
- Reverse chronological order (newest → oldest)

## Error Handling
- Custom exceptions (IMAPConnectionError, IMAPFetchError) for fine-grained error handling.
- Retries and backoff ensure resilience to transient failures; logs every step or failure.

## Test Strategy
- Mocked imaplib and email objects for fast, reliable, non-networked testing.
- Test configuration covers every function and most branches, including TDD for error and retry logic.

## Usage Example
```python
from src.imap_connection import fetch_emails
emails = fetch_emails(host, user, pw, ['UNSEEN', 'FROM "boss@example.com"'])
for em in emails:
    print(em['subject'], em['body'])
```

## Email Client Compatibility

### IMAP FLAGS vs KEYWORDS Extension

This implementation uses **IMAP FLAGS** (not the KEYWORDS extension) for tagging emails. FLAGS are supported by all IMAP servers, making this approach universally compatible.

**Flag Naming:**
- Custom flags must NOT use brackets: use `AIProcessed` not `[AI-Processed]`
- Flags are case-sensitive
- Server may reject flags with special characters

### Thunderbird Compatibility Note

**Known Limitation:** Thunderbird's "Schlagworte" (Keywords) view may not display custom IMAP flags, even though they are:
- ✅ Stored correctly on the server
- ✅ Visible in webmail clients
- ✅ Searchable via IMAP (`KEYWORD "AIProcessed"`)
- ✅ Functional for excluding processed emails

**Why:** Thunderbird's Keywords view primarily shows:
- System flags (`\Seen`, `\Flagged`, etc.)
- KEYWORDS extension tags (requires server support)

Since most servers (including netcup-mail) don't support the KEYWORDS extension, custom FLAGS may not appear in Thunderbird's Keywords view, but they are fully functional.

**Workarounds:**
- Check message Properties → Flags tab
- Use IMAP search: Edit → Find → Search Messages → `KEYWORD "AIProcessed"`
- Flags work correctly for processing logic regardless of Thunderbird display

**Verified Working:**
- ✅ netcup-mail webmail: Shows flags as "Markierung"
- ✅ IMAP search: Finds tagged emails correctly
- ✅ Email processing: Excludes processed emails correctly

---
This file updated after every major change to IMAP code or tests.
