docs/logging-system.md, before:

# Logging System Design: email-agent

## Overview
This document describes the architecture, design rationale, and implementation details of the logging system for email-agent. The logging system provides robust, configurable logging to file and console, including analytics summary, throughout the agent lifecycle.

---

## 1. Architecture
The system modularizes logging code into `logger.py` (core factory), `analytics.py` (summary generation), and integrates with CLI via configuration. All logging is structured and strict for traceability, search, and analytics.

## 2. Configuration
- Logging is configured via `config.yaml` (`log_file`, `log_level`, etc). 
- Analytics output file/location is also from config.
- All log file/analytics locations are parametrized for test/client use.

## 3. Test Strategy & Scaffolding
- Test files: `test_logging.py`
- Pytest fixtures isolate temporary log and analytics files, ensure tests do not pollute main logs.
- Output capture helpers are used for console log collection.
- TDD: Every core behavior (log to console/file, structure, analytics) covered by initial failing and then passing tests.

## 4. Core Implementation
- `LoggerFactory` creates and configures loggers with file/console handlers, formats.
- Each log message includes timestamp (ISO 8601), unique message ID.
- Log levels (INFO, DEBUG, etc.) are enforced; filtering verified by tests.
- Examples (to be filled after API usage):

```python
from src.logger import LoggerFactory
logger = LoggerFactory.create_logger(level='INFO', log_file='out.log')
logger.info("Test log message")
```

## 5. Analytics Summary
- Metrics (message counts per level, etc) are generated at run end by `analytics.py`.
- Output: single-line JSONL in analytics file from config.
- Edge cases (no logs/large logs) are handled by robust summary logic and tested.
- Example output:
```json
{"timestamp": "2025-07-01T12:34:56", "total_processed": 13, "level_counts": {"INFO": 12, "ERROR": 1}, "tags_applied": {}}
```

## 6. Integration & Usage Patterns
- Logger and analytics system initialized in CLI startup.
- Graceful shutdown hooks trigger analytics on exit.
- One true logger instance is shared across process for reliability.
- Integration code in `src/cli.py`, examples provided above.

---

*This file is updated in real time as the logging system is developed and integrated, to keep documentation in step with code.*

Commit message:

[docs] Add core implementation details to logging documentation (Task 2.9)

docs/logging-system.md, after:

# Logging System Design: email-agent

## Overview
This document describes the architecture, design rationale, and implementation details of the logging system for email-agent. The logging system provides robust, configurable logging to file and console, including analytics summary, throughout the agent lifecycle.

---

## 1. Architecture
The system modularizes logging code into `logger.py` (core factory), `analytics.py` (summary generation), and integrates with CLI via configuration. All logging is structured and strict for traceability, search, and analytics.

## 2. Configuration
- Logging is configured via `config.yaml` (`log_file`, `log_level`, etc). 
- Analytics output file/location is also from config.
- All log file/analytics locations are parametrized for test/client use.

## 3. Test Strategy & Scaffolding
- Test files: `test_logging.py`
- Pytest fixtures isolate temporary log and analytics files, ensure tests do not pollute main logs.
- Output capture helpers are used for console log collection.
- TDD: Every core behavior (log to console/file, structure, analytics) covered by initial failing and then passing tests.

### Example Test Fixture Usage
```python
from tests.test_logging import temp_logfile

def test_log_output():
    with temp_logfile() as logfile:
        # ... test with that log file
        pass
```

### Isolation Principle
- Tests must not produce or consume real logs in production locations.
- Each test run is clean and does not overlap outputs.

## 4. Core Implementation
- `LoggerFactory` creates and configures loggers with file/console handlers, formats.
- Each log message includes timestamp (ISO 8601), unique message ID.
- Log levels (INFO, DEBUG, etc.) are enforced; filtering verified by tests.

### Usage Example
```python
from src.logger import LoggerFactory
logger = LoggerFactory.create_logger(level='INFO', log_file='out.log')
logger.info("Test log message")
```

## 5. Analytics Summary
- Metrics (message counts per level, etc) are generated at run end by `analytics.py`.
- Output: single-line JSONL in analytics file from config.
- Edge cases (no logs/large logs) are handled by robust summary logic and tested.
- Example output:
```json
{"timestamp": "2025-07-01T12:34:56", "total_processed": 13, "level_counts": {"INFO": 12, "ERROR": 1}, "tags_applied": {}}
```

## 6. Integration & Usage Patterns
- Logger and analytics system initialized in CLI startup.
- Graceful shutdown hooks trigger analytics on exit.
- One true logger instance is shared across process for reliability.
- Integration code in `src/cli.py`, examples provided above.

---

*This file is updated in real time as the logging system is developed and integrated, to keep documentation in step with code.*
